how's it going so far everything's been
going real good no complaints for us we
look really good on the offensive line
right now we're working hard we got a
lot of work still left to do but we're
on the right track and we're ready to go
so we got a good group of guys ready to
work and ready to take you to us
personally anything you've made any
improvements in santa last year in any
specific areas I mean yeah I mean I feel
like overall I've been doing a pretty
good job fixing every part of my game
not just any specific part cuz every
part always needs some fine-tuning you
know so I feel like I've made pretty big
strides personally from even the end of
spring to right now and I was after a
long hard summer work and working out
and all that stuff so we're all ready to
go
anybody in particular on the defensive
line that's kind of made an impression
on you that's been a challenge I mean
they're all solid players everybody from
Isaac Sheldon Sheldon's a phenomenal
player and Jerry and Rome you know all
those guys are they're gonna make a good
good good group this year and then
they're ready to go as well when we want
they seem to be really on you guys on
everyone on every one point kind of
drive Plus who said Thomas helped you as
well you're the youngest guy
yeah well I mean it's huge for us Ronnie
and Nick or two very very experienced
players they know what it takes to get
the job done and they're both extremely
good players as well so it's easy when
they tell you what to do and they're
doing it themselves as the example so
it's been a huge benefit for us and I
mean Nick's always even from last year
on Nick's been the guy for us and and
Ronnie has really really stepped up in
that regard this year and it's very
noticeable from the whole team not just
the al-fatah is it easy to kind of take
there and if they have harsh criticism
sometimes is they easy to take that
because you get that from the top two
with Cochise day we watch neat right he
seems to really Drive you good
absolutely I mean Cochise ends I mean
everybody knows he's one of the most
demanding coaches out there and I
wouldn't want it any other way
I mean he's the best in the business at
what he does
and I put all my trust in him and
everybody in our room does this well we
know he's taking this to the right path
and I mean yeah average every now and
again it's pretty tough to play and with
a guy that's amazing as much as that but
I love it and to be and to want
something as bad as he does and it just
rubs off on us and it's it's making us
into a one hell of an offensive line